---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to my blog"
date: 2025-11-06
substack: https://noxin.substack.com/p/welcome-to-my-blog
---

Hello! Welcome to my first blog post, kinda.

This isn't really a normal blog post but more so just some extra information about what to expect in future posts and some context for why I'm writing what I do. 
### Why I'm starting this blog

For a long time, I thought I hated writing, but I eventually realized I just hated being told when I was supposed to write and what I was supposed to write about. After realizing this, I got into writing some longer reviews, on [my Letterboxd profile](https://letterboxd.com/noxinh/), for the movies I watched. However, as time went on, I got out of this habit, and recently, I've realized I hardly write about anything.

I think this is a real shame, but shortly after thinking about this, a good friend of mine told me he was writing his first blog post. I realized creating a blog would be a great thing for me. Not in the way that I believe I'm an expert on certain topics or have some some profound thoughts that need to be spread, but rather that writing is a great way of developing one's thoughts on a subject. I was talking to another friend about this and he said it in a very eloquent way, "writing to think rather than thinking to write".

So, that is practically the whole reason for starting this blog. I've decided to have it outward facing so that I have a bit more motivation to stay consistent, as well as allowing friends to easily read what I've been thinking about. To give further context for each post, I'll include a _Reasons for writing this_ section to discuss why I chose to write about that particular topic.
### What I'll be writing about

In short, I will be writing about whatever I find interesting at a given point. I'm not going to constrain myself to any topics, so expect a wide variety of subjects. If I were to guess which topics I will write about most regularly, I would say AI safety, films, productivity, and academia. I have the following short list of possible blog posts but there is no guarantee of how closely I follow it:
- Top 5 Resources that Convinced Me AI is an Existential Risk
- 20 Lessons I've Learned by My 20th Birthday
- My Top 5 Movies
- My Productivity Routine
- Whiplash (2014) Review
- Siddhartha by Herman Hesse Review

### Do I know what I'm talking about

Not necessarily, I do not claim to be an expert or even knowledgable on all of the topics I will write about. I will try to make it evident how much experience I have in each topic for each post but everything should be taken with a grain of salt regardless.
### AI Usage

I may use AI during the research phase of any posts, but AI will not be used in anyway for the main writing process. Meaning all brainstorming, structuring of the piece, and actual writing will be done by me or possible co-authors.
### Final Remarks

Before I close, I should mention that all future posts will be cross-posted on [my substack](https://substack.com/@noxin), so feel free to follow me there to get an email notification when I post. I don't have much else to say other than I'm hoping to have my first couple of posts out in the next few weeks. If you have any further questions or just want to chat, please [reach out]({{ '/contact.html' | relative_url }}).
